<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="content">

	<div class="card">

		<h:form id="form">

			<p:panelGrid columns="2" layout="grid"
				styleClass="showcase-text-align-center">

				<f:facet name="header">
					<h:outputLabel value="ChartsJS from Java" style="font-color:white;font-size:20px;"/>
				</f:facet>


				<p:card>
					<f:facet name="header">
						<p:lineChart model="#{lineChartView.lineModel}" />
					</f:facet>
					<f:facet name="title">
			        Line Chart
			    </f:facet>
					<f:facet name="subtitle">
			        Line chart, Line plot or Line graph
			    </f:facet>

					<p>A line chart or line plot or line graph or curve chart[1] is
						a type of chart which displays information as a series of data
						points called 'markers' connected by straight line segments. It is
						a basic type of chart common in many fields. It is similar to a
						scatter plot except that the measurement points are ordered
						(typically by their x-axis value) and joined with straight line
						segments. A line chart is often used to visualize a trend in data
						over intervals of time – a time series – thus the line is often
						drawn chronologically. In these cases they are known as run
						charts.</p>

		
				</p:card>



				<p:card>
					<f:facet name="header">
						<p:lineChart model="#{scatterChartView.scatterModel}" />
					</f:facet>
					<f:facet name="title">
			        Scatter Chart
			    </f:facet>
					<f:facet name="subtitle">
			        Scatter plot, Scatter graph, Scattergram, or Scatter diagram
			    </f:facet>

					<p>A scatter plot (also called a scatterplot, scatter graph,
						scatter chart, scattergram, or scatter diagram) is a type of plot
						or mathematical diagram using Cartesian coordinates to display
						values for typically two variables for a set of data. If the
						points are coded (color/shape/size), one additional variable can
						be displayed. The data are displayed as a collection of points,
						each having the value of one variable determining the position on
						the horizontal axis and the value of the other variable
						determining the position on the vertical axis.</p>

		
				</p:card>

			</p:panelGrid>


		</h:form>

	</div>
	

	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>